1: The Prophet ﷺ said that if anyone recites the following expression three times in the morning and evening, nothing will harm him.

ar: بِسْمِ اللَّهِ الَّذِي لَا يَضُرُّ مَعَ اسْمِهِ شَيْءٌ فِي الْأَرْضِ وَلَا فِي السَّمَاءِ وَهُوَ السَّمِيعُ الْعَلِيمُ

"In the name of Allah when whose name is mentioned nothing in earth or heaven can cause harm. And He is the Hearer, the Knower."

ref:(The four books, Ibn Hibban, Haakim, Ibn Abu Shaybah, narrated by Aban Ibn Uthman)
---
2: Tabarani has reported in Mu'jam Awsat that these words should be recited three times in the morning and evening. In another version in Awsat and in Muslim, Darami, Ibn as-Suni only evening is mentioned. Tirmidhi, Darami and Ibn Sunni have mentioned that it should be recited thrice.

ar: أَعُوْذُ بِكَلِمَاتِ اللّٰهِ التَّامَّاتِ مِنْ شَرِّ مَا خَلَقَ
"I seek refuge in the perfect words of Allah from the evil of that which He has created."
---
3: Allah's Messenger said, "If anyone, on rising in the morning recites three times":

ar: أَعُوذُ بِاَللَّهِ السَّمِيعِ الْعَلِيمِ مِنْ الشَّيْطَانِ الرَّجِيمِ
"I seek refuge in Allah, the fill Hearing, the All-knowing, from the accursed devil"

and the last three verses of Surah al-Hashr (once) then Allah will appoint seventy thousand angels who will pray for him till the evening and if he were to die that day, he will die a martyr. And who so observes this exercise at sundown will attain a like station.

ar: هُوَ اللّٰهُ الَّذِىۡ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ​ ۚ عٰلِمُ الۡغَيۡبِ وَالشَّهَادَةِ​ ۚ هُوَ الرَّحۡمٰنُ الرَّحِيۡمُ‏ ۞هُوَ اللّٰهُ الَّذِىۡ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ​ۚ اَلۡمَلِكُ الۡقُدُّوۡسُ السَّلٰمُ الۡمُؤۡمِنُ الۡمُهَيۡمِنُ الۡعَزِيۡزُ الۡجَـبَّارُ الۡمُتَكَبِّرُ​ؕ سُبۡحٰنَ اللّٰهِ عَمَّا يُشۡرِكُوۡنَ‏ ۞ هُوَ اللّٰهُ الۡخَـالِـقُ الۡبَارِئُ الۡمُصَوِّرُ​ لَـهُ الۡاَسۡمَآءُ الۡحُسۡنٰى​ؕ يُسَبِّحُ لَهٗ مَا فِى السَّمٰوٰتِ وَالۡاَرۡضِ​ۚ وَهُوَ الۡعَزِيۡزُ الۡحَكِيۡمُ‏ ﻿﻿
---
4: The Prophet ﷺ said, "If anyone recites thrice every morning and evening Surah al-Ikhlas, al-Falaq and an-Naas then they shall suffice against everything." (Abu Dawood, Tirmizi, Nasa'i Ibn Sunni, as narrated by Abdullah Ibn Khubayb)
---
5: Allah's Messenger said that if anyone recites the three verses (17-19) of Surah Ar-Room in the morning then he will earn reward for any daily recital he may have missed that day. If he recites them in the evening then he will get reward for what he missed that night. The verses are:

ar: فَسُبۡحٰنَ اللّٰهِ حِيۡنَ تُمۡسُوۡنَ وَحِيۡنَ تُصۡبِحُوۡنَ‏
ar: وَلَـهُ الۡحَمۡدُ فِىۡ السَّمٰوٰتِ وَالۡاَرۡضِ وَعَشِيًّا وَّحِيۡنَ تُظۡهِرُوۡنَ‏
ar: ﻿﻿يُخۡرِجُ الۡحَـىَّ مِنَ الۡمَيِّتِ وَيُخۡرِجُ الۡمَيِّتَ مِنَ الۡحَـىِّ وَيُحۡىِ الۡاَرۡضَ بَعۡدَ مَوۡتِهَا ​ؕ وَكَذٰلِكَ تُخۡرَجُوۡنَ
---
6: The aayat al-Kursi must also be recited in the morning. (Muam Kabeer Tabarani, narrated by Ubayy Ibn Ka'‘b)

Allah's Messenger said, If anyone recites aayat al-kursi and the initial verses of surah Ghafir in the morning then he will be safe till sunset and whoever recites them in the evening will be safe till day break.

ar: ٱللَّهُ لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا هُوَ ٱلْحَىُّ ٱلْقَيُّومُ ۚ لَا تَأْخُذُهُۥ سِنَةٌۭ وَلَا نَوْمٌۭ ۚ لَّهُۥ مَا فِى ٱلسَّمَـٰوَٰتِ وَمَا فِى ٱلْأَرْضِ ۗ مَن ذَا ٱلَّذِى يَشْفَعُ عِندَهُۥٓ إِلَّا بِإِذْنِهِۦ ۚ يَعْلَمُ مَا بَيْنَ أَيْدِيهِمْ وَمَا خَلْفَهُمْ ۖ وَلَا يُحِيطُونَ بِشَىْءٍۢ مِّنْ عِلْمِهِۦٓ إِلَّا بِمَا شَآءَ ۚ وَسِعَ كُرْسِيُّهُ ٱلسَّمَـٰوَٰتِ وَٱلْأَرْضَ ۖ وَلَا يَـُٔودُهُۥ حِفْظُهُمَا ۚ وَهُوَ ٱلْعَلِىُّ ٱلْعَظِيمُ ٢٥٥

ar: حمٓ - تَنزِيلُ ٱلْكِتَـٰبِ مِنَ ٱللَّهِ ٱلْعَزِيزِ ٱلْعَلِيمِ - غَافِرِ ٱلذَّنۢبِ وَقَابِلِ ٱلتَّوْبِ شَدِيدِ ٱلْعِقَابِ ذِى ٱلطَّوْلِ ۖ لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا هُوَ ۖ إِلَيْهِ ٱلْمَصِيرُ
---
7: Also make this supplication in the morning and the evening.
(Muslim, Abu Dawood, Tirmizi, Nasa‘i, Ibn Abu Shaybah as narrated by Ibn Mas'ood)

ar: أَصْبَحْنَا وَأَصْبَحَ الْمُلْكُ لِلَّهِ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلَّهِ، لاَ إِلَـهَ إِلاَّ اللهُ وَحْدَهُ لاَ شَرِيْكَ لَهُ، لَهُ الْمُلْكُ وَلَهُ الْحَمْدُ وَهُوَ عَلَى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيْرُ. رَبِّ أَسْأَلُكَ خَيْرَ مَا فِيْ هَذَا الْيَوْمِ وَخَيْرَ مَا بَعْدَهُ، وَأَعُوْذُ بِكَ مِنْ شَرِّ مَا فِيْ هَذَا الْيَوْمِ وَشَرِّ مَا بَعْدَهُ، رَبِّ أَعُوْذُ بِكَ مِنَ الْكَسَلِ وَسُوْءِ الْكِبَرِ، رَبِّ أَعُوْذُ بِكَ مِنْ عَذَابٍ فِي النَّارِ وَعَذَابٍ فِي الْقَبْرِ

("We enter upon the morning and so does the dominion of Allah. Praise belongs to Allah. There is no God except Allah, the Alone. He has no partner. To Him belongs the dominion and to Him belongs the praise. And He is All-powerful. O my Lord! I pray to you for the good that is in this day and the good that is after it. And I seek refuge in you from the evil that is in this day and the evil that is after it. O my Lord, I seek your protection from sloth and the evil of old age. O my Lord, I seek refuge in you from the torment that is in the fire, and the torment that is in the grave.)
---
8: Make this supplication both times(morning/evening):
ar: اَللَّهمَّ إنِّي أعُوذُ بِكَ مِنَ الْكَسَلِ وَالْهَرَمِ ، وَسُوْءِ الْكِبَرِ وَفِتْنَةِ الدُّنِيَا وَعَذَابِ الْقَبْرِ
"O Allah, I seek refuge in you from sloth, weakness of old age and evil of old age, from the mischief of the world and from the punishment in the grave."
---
9: And
ar: أَصْبَحْنا وَأَصْبَـحَْ المُـلكُ لِلهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِين اَللَّهمَّ إنِّي أسألُكَ خَيرَ هذا الْيَومِ فَتْحَهُ وَنَصْرَهُ ونُوْرَهُ وَبَرَكَتَهُ وَهُدَاهُ وَأعُوذُ بِكَ مِن شَرِّ مَا فِيْهِ وَشَرِّ مَا بَعْدَهُ
("We and the entire dominion have entered the morning for Allah who is the Lord of the worlds. I ask you for the good this day contains, for conquest, help, light, blessing and guidance. And I seek refuge in you from the evil it contains and the evil that is after it.")
ref:(Abu Dawood as narrated by Abu Maalik)

In the evening, make the supplication in these words:

ar: أَمْسَيْنا وَأَمْسَى الْمُلْكُ لِلّهِ رَبِّ الْعَـالَمِيْنَ ،اَللّهُـمَّ إِنِّـي أَسْـأَلُكَ خَيْرَ هَذِهِ اللَّـيْلَةِ ،فَتْحَهَا ، وَنَصْرَهَا ، وَنُـورَهَا وَبَـرَكَتَـهَا ، وَهُـدَاهَا ،وَأَعُـوْذُ بِكَ مِنْ شَرِّ مَا فِيْهَا وَشَـرِّ مَا بَعْـدَهَا
(We and the entire dominion have come to the evening for Allah who is the Lord of the worlds. O Allah, I ask you for the good this night contains, for conquest, help, light, blessing and guidance. And I seek refuge in you from the evil it contains and the evil that comes after it.)
---
10:
ar: اَللَّهُمَّ بِكَ أَصْبَحْنَا وَبِكَ أَمْسَيْنَا وَبِكَ نَحْيَا وَبِكَ نَمُوْتُ وَاِلَيْكَ الْمَصِيْرُ
("O Allah, it is with your help that we come upon the morning and with your help we reach the evening. It is with your help that we live and with your help do we die. And to you is our return.")
ref:(The four books, Ibn Hibban, Abu Awanah, as narrated by Abu Hurayrah.)
---
11:
ar: أَصْبَحْنَا وَأَصْبَحَ الْمُلْكُ لِلَّهِ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلَّهِ، لاَ شَرِيْكَ لَهُ، لاَ إِلَـهَ إِلاَّ هُوَ وَاليْهِ النُّشُوْر
("We have come upon morning as the entire dominion has for Allah, praise belongs to Him. He has no partner. There is no God but He and to Him is our return.")
(Bazzar, Ibn Sunni, narrated by Abu Hurayrah)

Note: In the evening, replace the Arabic words and أَصْبَحْنَا وَأَصْبَحَ with أَمْسَيْنا وَأَمْسَى and النُّشُوْر with الْمَصِيْرُ
---
12: In the morning and evening, make this supplication
ar: اللَّهُمَّ فَاطِرَ السَّمَوَاتِ وَالْأَرْضِ، عَالِمَ الْغَيْبِ وَالشَّهَادَةِ، رَبَّ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ وَمَلِيكَهُ، أَشْهَدُ أَنْ لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ، أَعُوذُ بِكَ مِنْ شَرِّ نَفْسِي، وَشَرِّ الشَّيْطَانِ وَشِرْكِهِ وَأَنْ نَقْتَرِفَ سُوءًا عَلَى أَنْفُسِنَا أَوْ نَجُرَّهُ إِلَى مُسْلِمٍ

"O Allah, Originator of the heavens and earth, knower of the unseen and the seen, Lord of all things, and their owner, I testify that there is no God except you. I seek refuge in you from the mischief of my soul and from the mischief of the devil and from his trap (or polytheism), lest we commit evil on our souls or accuse a Muslim (or lead him to it)."

ref:(Abu Dawood, Tirmidhi, Nasa‘i, Ibn Hibban, Haakim, Ibn Abu Shaybah as narrated by Abu Maalik)
---
13: Make this supplication both times:
ar: اللَّهُمَّ إِنِّيْ أَصْبَحْتُ أُشْهِدُكَ، وَأُشْهِدُ حَمَلَةَ عَرْشِكَ وَمَلَائِكَتَكَ وَجَمِيعَ خَلْقِكَ، أَنَّكَ أَنْتَ اللَّهُ، لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ، وَحْدَكَ لَا شَرِيكَ لَكَ، وَأَنَّ مُحَمَّدًا عَبْدُكَ وَرَسُولُكَ

O Allah! in the morning we call Thee, the bearers of Thy Throne, Thy angels, and all Thy creatures to witness that Thou art Allah than Whom there is no god, Thou being alone and without a partner, and that Muhammad ﷺ is Thy servant and Thy Messenger.
(Tabarani in awsat, Tirmidhi as narrated by Anas)

The words in box brackets are found in the version of Abu Dawood, Tirmidhi, Nasa'i, as reported by Buraydah R.A.).

Make this supplication four times.
---
14: Make this supplication in the morning and evening:
ar: اللَّهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْاَلُكَ الْعَافِيَةَ فِي الدُّنْيَا وَ الْآخِرَةِ، اللَّهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْاَلُكَ الْعَفْوَ وَ الْعَافِيَةَ فِيْ دِيْنِيْ وَ دُنْيَايَ وَاَهْلِيْ وَ مَالِيْ، اللَّهُمَّ اسْتُرْعَوْرَاتِيْ وَ آمِنْ رَوْعَاتِيْ، اللَّهُمَّ احْفَظْنِيْ مِنْ بَيْنِ يَدَيَّ وَ مِنْ خَلْفِيْ وَ عَنْ يَّمِيْنِيْ وَ عَنْ شِمَالِيْ وَ مِنْ فَوْقِيْ وَ اَعُوْذُ بِعَظَمَتِكَ اَنْ اُغْتَالَ مِنْ تَحْتِيْ۔

"O Allah, I ask you for security in this world and the next. O Allah, I ask you for forgiveness and safety in my religion and my worldly affairs, on my family and on my property. O Allah! Conceal my faults and keep me safe from my apprehensions. O Allah, guard me from my front, from behind me, from my right and from my left and from above me, and I seek protection of your greatness from unexpectedly being harmed from below me."
ref:(Abu Dawood, Ibn Majah, Nasa'i, Ibn Hibban, Haakim, Ibn Abu Shaybah as narrated by Ibn Umar)
---
15:
ar:  لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا اللَّهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيكَ لَهُ لَهُ الْمُلْكُ وَلَهُ الْحَمْدُ يُحْيِي وَيُمِيتُ وَهُوَ حَيٌّ لَا يَمُوتُ وَهُوَ عَلَى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيرٌ

There is no God but Allah, the Alone, He has no partner. To Him belongs the dominion and to Him belongs praise. He alone gives life and He gives death. And, He is Ever-living and will never die. And He is All-powerful.[1]
ref:(1. Abu Dawood, Nasa‘i, Ibn Majah, Ibn Abu Shaybah, Ibn Sunni, as narrated by Abu Ayyash.)

According to the Hadith, if anyone recites this expression in the morning then he will get a reward for setting free one slave who is descendant of Prophet ﷺ Isma'il ten pious deeds will be created to him and ten sins will be forgiven to him and he will be raised ten ranks and he will be safe from the devil till evening. The same reward awaits him if he recites the words in the evening and he will be safe from the devil till morning.[2]
ref:(2. Abu Dawood)
---
16:
ar: رَضِينَا بِاللَّهِ رَبًّا وَبِالْإِسْلَامِ دِينًا وَبِمُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللَّهُ عَلَيْهِ وَسَلَّمَ نَبِيًّا

"I am pleased with Allah as Lord, Islam as religion and Muhammad as a Prophet ﷺ." (Recite three times)
(This Hadith is narrated by Sayyidina Abu Sallam and transmitted by the four books, Tabarani in Kabeer, and Mustadrak Haakim)

Sayyidina Abu Sallam reported that the Prophet ﷺ said, "If anyone recites this expression three times in the morning and evening, Allah will bind Himself to please him on the day of Resurrection."
---
17:

ar: اللَّهُمَّ مَا أَصْبَحَ بِي مِنْ نِعْمَةٍ فَمِنْكَ وَحْدَكَ لَا شَرِيكَ لَكَ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ وَلَكَ الشُّكْرُ

O Allah! Whatsoever favour I or anyone of your creation may find this morning, it will be from you alone. You have no partner. So, all praise and thanks belong to you.[1]
ref:(1. Abu Dawood, Nasa'i, Ibn Sunni as narrated by Abdullah Ibn Ghannam.)

Whoever says this in the morning gives gratitude for the day's favours. And whoever says in the evening gives gratitude for the favours of the night.[2]
ref:(2. Abu Dawood)
---
18: Make this supplication three times morning and evening.

ar: اللَّهُمَّ عَافِنِيْ فِيْ بَدَنِيْ، اللَّهُمَّ عَافِنِيْ فِيْ سَمْعِيْ، اللَّهُمَّ عَافِنِيْ فِيْ بَصَرِيْ لَا اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ

"O Allah, grant me soundness in my body. O Allah, grant me soundness in my hearing. O Allah, grant me soundness in my sight. There is no God beside you.

and also say three times:

ar: اللَّهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَعُوْذُ بِكَ مِنَ الْكُفْرِ وَ الْفَقْرِ، اللَّهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَعُوْذُبِكَ مِنْ عَذَابِ الْقَبْرِ، لَا اِلٰهَ اِلاَّ اَنْتَ

"O Allah, I seek refuge in you from disbelief and poverty. O Allah! I seek your protection from the punishment in the grave. There is no God but you."
ref:(Abu Dawood, Nasa'i, Ibn Sunni, as narrated by Abu Bakrah.)
---
19:
ar: سُبْحَانَ اللَّهِ وَبِحَمْدِهِ وَلَا قُوَّةَ إِلَّا بِاللَّهِ مَا شَاءَ اللَّهُ كَانَ وَمَا لَمْ يَشَأْ لَمْ يَكُنْ أَعْلَمُ أَنَّ اللَّهَ عَلَى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيرٌ وَأَنَّ اللَّهَ قَدْ أَحَاطَ بِكُلِّ شَيْءٍ عِلْمًا

Allah is without blemish. I begin with His praise, there is no power but in Allah. What Allah wills comes to pass and what He does not will does not happen. I know well that Allah is All-powerful and that Allah has comprehended everything in knowledge.
ref:(Abu Dawood, Nasa‘i, Ibn Sunni as narrated by one of the Prophet's ﷺ daughters)
---
20:
ar: أَصْبَحْنَا عَلى فِطْرَةِ الْإسْلَامِ، وَكَلِمَةِ الْإخْلَاصِ، وَدِيْنِ نَبيِّنَا مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّهُ عَلَيْهِ وَسَلَّمَ، وَعَلَى مِلَّةِ أبِيْنَا إبْرَاهِيْمَ، حَنِيْفًا مُسْلِمًا، وَمَا كَانَ مِنَ الْمُشْرِكِيْنَ

We have entered the morning observing the original of Islam, the assertion of Allah's unity, the religion of our Prophet Muhammad ﷺ and the community of our father Ibrahim, the upright, Muslim who was not one of the polytheists.

ref:(Ahmad Tabarani in al-kabeer as narrated by Abdur Rahman Ibn Abza)
ref:This Hadith is also found in Nasa'i, but is prescribed for morning only.
---
21:
ar: يَا حَيُّ يَا قَيُّومُ بِرَحْمَتِكَ أَسْتَغيثُ أَصْلِحْ لِي شَأْنِيَ كُلَّهُ وَلاَ تَكِلْنِي إِلَى نَفْسِي طَرْفَةَ عَيْنٍ

"O you! The Living, the Eternal! To your mercy do I appeal. Correct my affairs, all of them. And, Leave me not to my self even for the time it takes the eye to blink."

(Nasa'i has mentioned that this supplication may be made in morning and evening. Haakim and Bazzar have mentioned only morning. The Hadith is narrated by Anas).

The compiler has not cited Ibn Sunni though he has mentioned in Amal al- Yawm wal laylah that the Prophet ﷺ taught it to his daughter to recite
morning and evening.
---
22:

ar: اللَّهُمَّ أَنْتَ رَبِّي، لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ، خَلَقْتَنِي وَأَنَا عَبْدُكَ، وَأَنَا عَلَى عَهْدِكَ وَوَعْدِكَ مَا اسْتَطَعْتُ، أَعُوذُ بِكَ مِنْ شَرِّ مَا صَنَعْتُ، أَبُوءُ لَكَ بِنِعْمَتِكَ عَلَيَّ، وَأَبُوءُ لَكَ بِذَنْبِي فَاغْفِرْ لِي فَإِنَّهُ لَا يَغْفِرُ الذُّنُوبَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ

O Allah, you are my Lord. There is no God but you. You have created me, and I am your slave and hold to your covenant and promise as much as I can. I acknowledge your favour to me, and I acknowledge my sin. Forgive me, for none but you forgive sins.
ref:(Bukhari 6306, Nasai 5524, Tirmidhi 3393, as narrated by Shaddad Ibn Aws)

This is Sayyid ul-Istighfaar. It is recommended to recite in the morning and evening and during day and night. The compiler has, therefore, recorded it in supplications of morning and evening and in supplications of day and night.

It is stated in Abu Dawood and Tirmidhi that if any recites the words in morning or evening and happens to die that night or day then he will go to paradise surely. This is narrated by Sayyidina Buraydah and Sayyidina Shaddad Ibn Aws in Abu Dawood and Tirmidhi respectively and Buraydah. again by Ibn Sunni but it is written that he who dies that day or night will die as a martyr. The words recorded by the compiler first are found in Bukhari in the early part of the Book but after a few pages the second set of words are recorded and both narrations are credited to Shaddad Ibn Aws. Both occurrences describe the same reward that if the recitor dies that night or day, he will go to paradise.
---
23:
ar: اللَّهُمَّ أَنْتَ أَحَقُّ مَنْ ذُكِرَ، وَأَحَقُّ مَنْ عُبِدَ، وَأَنْصَرُ مَنِ ابْتُغِيَ، وَأَرْأَفُ مَنْ مَلَكَ، وَأَجْوَدُ مَنْ سُئِلَ، وَأَوْسَعُ مَنْ أَعْطَى، أَنْتَ الْمَلِكُ لَا شَرِيكَ لَكَ، وَالْفَرْدُ لَا نِدّ لَك ، كُلُّ شَيْءٍ هَالِكٌ إِلَّا وَجْهَكَ، لَنْ تُطَاعَ إِلَّا بِإِذْنِكَ، وَلَنْ تُعْصَى إِلَّا بِعِلْمِكَ، تُطَاعُ فَتَشْكُرُ، وَتُعْصَى فَتَغْفِرُ، أَقْرَبُ شَهِيدٍ، وَأَدْنَى حَفِيظٍ، حُلْتَ دُونَ النُّفُوس وَأَخَذْتَ بِالنَّوَاصِي، وَكَتَبْتَ الْآثَارَ وَنَسَخْتَ الْآجَالَ، الْقُلُوبُ لَكَ مُفْضِيَةٌ وَالسِّرُّ عِنْدَكَ عَلَانِيَةٌ، الْحَلَالُ مَا أَحْلَلْتَ وَالْحَرَامُ مَا حَرَّمْتَ، وَالدِّينُ مَا شَرَعْتَ، وَالْأَمْرُ مَا قَضَيْتَ، وَالْخَلْقُ خَلْقُكَ، وَالْعَبْدُ عَبْدُكَ، وَأَنْتَ اللَّهُ الرَّؤوفُ الرَّحِيمُ، أَسْأَلُكَ بِنُورِ وَجْهِكَ الَّذِي أَشْرَقَتْ لَهُ السَّمَوَاتُ وَالْأَرْضُ، وَبِكُلِّ حَقٍّ هُوَ لَكَ، وَبِحَقِّ السَّائِلِينَ عَلَيْكَ، أَنْ تَقْبَلَنِي فِي هَذِهِ الْغَدَاةِ أَوْ فِي هَذِهِ الْعَشِيَّةِ، وَأَنْ تُجِيرَنِي مِنَ النَّارِ بِقُدْرَتِكَ

O Allah, you are the most worthy of remembrance of all who are remembered, and the most worthy of worship, and the most rightful one whose help is sought. And you the most compassionate of the masters and the most generous of those who are asked and the most bounteous of those who give. You are the sovereign and you have no partner. And you are Alone, and have no parallel. Everything will perish except you. There is no obedience except with your consent and no disobedience except with your knowledge. While obedience pleases you, you forgive disobedience. You are the nearest of those who witness and the closest of the protectors. You come between people and (their) evil yearnings (that is, you have control over their lives. You have their forelocks in your hands. You have recorded their deeds and decreed their life-span. The hearts are open before you and the secrets are to you like the proclaimed. The lawful are what you have permitted while the unlawful are what you have forbidden. Faith is what you have explained and the decree is what you have ordained. All the creation is yours and all slaves are yours. And You are Allah, the Compassionate, the Merciful. I ask You by the Light of your countenance which illuminates the heavens and the earth, and every right that You possess (to be worshipped and the right which the supplicants have over you that you forgive me this morning (or, this evening) and that by your Authority you save me from the Fire.

ref:(Tabarani in Kabeer and Kitab al-Du'a, as narrated by Abu mamah.)
---
24: Make this supplication also in the morning and evening:

ar: حَسْبِىَ ٱللَّهُ لَآ إِلَـٰهَ إِلَّا هُوَ ۖ عَلَيْهِ تَوَكَّلْتُ ۖ وَهُوَ رَبُّ ٱلْعَرْشِ ٱلْعَظِيمِ

"Sufficient is Allah for me. There is no God except Him. I place my trust magnificent throne." (Quran 9:129)

Sayyidina Abu ad-Darda reported that the Prophet ﷺ said, "whoever recites this expression seven times morning and evening, Allah will be sufficient for him against all anxieties of this world and the next."
ref:(Ibn Sunni)
---
25:
ar: لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا اللَّهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيكَ لَهُ، لَهُ الْمُلْكُ وَلَهُ الْحَمْدُ وَهُوَ عَلَى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيرٌ

"There is no God but Allah, the Alone. He has no partner. To Him belongs the sovereignty and to Him belongs all praise. And He is Omnipotent."
ref:(Nasa'i, Ibn Hibban as narrated by Abu Ayyub Ansari «= and Tabarani and Ibn Sunni from Abu Hurayrah)

Recite the expression ten times morning and evening.
---
26: Recite a hundred times in the morning and again in the evening.

ar: سُبحَانَ اللهِ الْعَظِيمِ وَبِحَمْدِهٖ
"Allah is without blemish and He is Mighty and I praise Him."
ref:(Muslim, Abu Dawood, Tirmidhi, Nasa'i, Haakim, Ibn Hibban, Abu Aw'anah as narrated by Abu Hurayrah.)
---
27: According to some versions recite morning and evening سُبحَانَ الله a hundred times, الحمد لله  a hundred times لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا اللَّه hundred times
and اللَّهُ اَكْبَر hundred times
---
28: And invoke blessing on the Prophet ﷺ ten times in the morning and again in the evening.
ref:(Tabarani in alkabeer, narrated by Abu ad-Darda)
---
29: If anyone is netted in anxiety or debt then he must make this supplication every morning and evening:

ar: اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَعُوْذُبِكَ مِنَ الْهَمِّ وَالُحُزْنِ وَاَعُوْذُبِكَ مِنَ الُعَجْزِ وَاْلكَسَلِ وَاَعُوْذُبِكَ مِنَ الُجُبْنِ وُالُبُخْلِ وَاَعُوْذُبِكَ مِنْ غَلَبَةِ الدَّيْنِ وَقَهْرِ الرِّجَالِ

"O Allah, I seek refuge in i you from care and grief. I seek refuge in you from incapacity and slackness. I seek refuge in you from cowardice and niggardliness. And I seek refuge in you from being overcome"
(Abu Dawood, by debt and narrated being put by by in subjugation Abu Sa'eed by al-Khudri men.)

Sayyidina Abu Saeed Khudri reported that the Prophet ﷺ came to the mosque one day. He found an Ansar Sahabi, Abu Umamah, sitting there. He asked him, "O Abu Umamah! What is it? How do I find you in the mosque although it is not time for Salah." He said, "O Messenger of Allah! I am in much anxiety and have to repay a heavy debt." He said, "shall I not teach you words which if you read, Allah will remove your anxieties and repay your debts?" He said, "O Messenger of Allah do teach me." So, the Prophet ﷺ taught him the above supplication instructing him to make that in the morning and evening. The Sahabi said that he practiced the teachings and Allah removed his anxieties and repaid his debts.
