1:
ar: أَصْبَحْنَا وَأَصْبَحَ الْمُلْكُ لِلَّهِ وَالْحَمْدُ لِلَّهِ وَالْكِبْرِيَاءُ وَالْعَظَمَةُ وَالْخَلْقُ وَالْأَمْرُ وَاللَّيْلُ وَالنَّهَارُ وَمَا يَضْحَي فِيْهِمَا لِلّهِ وَحْدَهُ اللَّهُمَّ اجْعَلْ أَوَّلَ هَذَا النَّهَارِ صَلَاحًا وَأَوْسَطَهُ فَلَاحًا وَآخِرَهُ نَجَاحًا أَسْئَلُكَ خَيْرَ الدُّنيا والاَخِرَة يَا أَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِينَ

We and the dominion enter into morning for Allah. Every greatness, majesty, creation and affair, the night and the day and that which happens there in everything belongs to Allah alone. O Allah! Cause the beginning of this day to be good, the middle of it to be success and the last of it to be deliverance. I ask you for good of this world and the next, O the Most Merciful of those who show mercy."

ref:(Ibn Abu Shaybah, as narrated by Abdullah Ibn Abu Awfa.)
---
2:
ar: لَبَّيْكَ اللَّهُمَّ لَبَّيْكَ، وَسَعْدَيْكَ، وَالْخَيْرُ فِي يَدَيْكَ، وَمِنْكَ وَإِلَيْكَ، اللَّهُمَّ مَا قُلْتُ مِنْ قَوْلٍ، أَوْ حَلَفْتُ مِنْ حَلِفٍ، أَوْ نَذَرْتُ مِنْ نَذْرٍ فَمَشِيئَتُكَ بَيْنِ يَدَيْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهٖ، مَا شِئْتَ كَانَ وَمَا لَمْ تَشَأْ لَا يَكُونُ، وَلَاحَوْلَ وَلَا قُوَّةَ إِلَّا بِكَ إنَّكَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيرٌ، اَللَّهُمَّ مَا صَلَّيْتُ مِنْ صَلَاةٍ فَعَلٰى مَنْ صَلَّيْتَ، وَمَا لَعَنْتُ مِنْ لَعْنٍ فَعَلٰى مَنْ لَعَنْتَ، أَنْتَ وَلِـيِّي فِي الدُّنْيَا وَالْآخِرَةِ، تَوَفَّنِي مُسْلِمًا وَأَلْحِقْنِي بِالصَّالِحِينَ

"I am here! O Allah, I am here! Ready to obey you. All good is in your hands it is from you and is due to you. O Allah! Whatever I have spoken of the words, or promised a promise, or vow of the vows made, your will determine all that. What you did will happen and what you did not will did not happen. There is no power or strength except with you. Indeed, you are powerful over everything. O Allah! Whatever prayer I have made, let it be for one whom you have blessed and the curse that I have uttered let it be on him whom you have cursed. You are my Guardian in this world and the next, cause me to die a Muslim and attach me with the righteous."

ref:(Ibn Sunni, Haakim 1900, Ahmad 21666, Tabarani as narrated by Zayd Ibn Thabit)

3: Also, make this supplication in the morning:
ar:  اللهُمَّ اِنّى اَسْاَلُكَ الرِّضَا بَعْدَ الْقَضَاءِ، وَبَرْدَ الْعَيْشِ بَعْدَ الْمَوْتِ، وَلَذَّةَ النَّظَرِ إِلٰى وَجْهِكَ، وَشَوْقًا إِلَى لِقَائِكَ فِي غَيْرِ ضَرَّاءَ مُضِرَّةٍ وَّلَا فِتْنَةٍ مُضِلَّةٍ، وَأَعُوذُ بِكَ أَنْ أَظْلِمَ أو اُظْلَمَ، اَوْ اَعْتَدِى، اَوْ يُعْتَدٰى عَلَّى اَوْ اَكْسِبَ خَطِيئَةً، اَوْ ذَنْبًا لَا تَغْفِرُ، اللَّهُمَّ فَاطِرَ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالأَرْضِ، عَالِمَ الْغَيْبِ وَالشَّهَادَةِ ذَا الْجَلالِ وَالْإِكْرَامِ، فَإِنِّي أَعْهَدُ إِلَيْكَ فِي هَذِهِ الدُّنْيَا، وَأُشْهِدُكَ، وَكَفَى بِكَ شَهِيدًا أَنِّي أَشْهَدُ أَنْ لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا أَنتَ وَحْدَكَ لا شَرِيكَ لَكَ، لَكَ الْمُلْكُ وَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ، وَأَنْتَ عَلَى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيرٌ، وَاشْهَدُ أَنَّ مُحَمَّدًا عَبْدُكَ وَرَسُولُكَ، وَاَشْهَدُ اَنَّ وَعْدَكَ حَقٌّ وَلِقَاءَكَ حَقٌّ وَالسَّاعَةُ اٰتِيَةٌ لَا رَيْبَ فِيْهَا، وَأَنَّكَ تَبْعَثُ مَنْ فِي الْقُبُورِ، وَإِنَّكَ إِنْ تَكِلْنِي إِلٰى نَفْسِي، تَكِلْنِي إِلٰى ضَعْفٍ وَّعَوْرَةٍ وَّذَنْبٍ وَّخَطِيئَةٍ، وَإِنِّي لَاَ اَثِقُ إِلَّا بِرَحْمَتِكَ، فَاغْفِرْ لِي ذُنُوبِي كُلَّهَا، إِنَّهُ لا يَغْفِرُ الذُّنُوبَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ، وَتُبْ عَلَّى إِنَّكَ أَنْتَ التَّوَّابُ الرَّحِيمُ

"O Allah, cause me to willingly receive your decree and grant me the comfort of life after death and the delight of seeing you and a longing to meet you without experiencing a state of physical hardship or misguiding trials. And I seek refuge in you lest I oppress other people or be oppressed by them or (lest) I be unjust to them or they be unjust to me, or (lest) I commit a sin which you will not forgive. O Allah, originator of the heavens and the earth, knower of the unseen and the seen, O lord of Majesty and Glory. Surely, I make a solemn pledge to you in the life of this world and make you a witness and, indeed, you are enough as a witness. I bear witness that there is no God but you, you are Alone. You have no partner. Yours is the sovereignty and to you belongs all praise, and you are All-powerful. And I bear witness that Muhammad ﷺ is your slave and your Messenger. And I bear testimony that your promise is true, the meeting with you is true and the Hour will inevitably come there is no doubt about it. And, you will resurrect those in the graves. Surely, if you will leave me to myself, you will hand me over to weakness, to sin and to mistakes. And I rely not but on your grace. So, forgive me all my sins. Indeed, there is no one who will forgive sins except you. Accept my repentance. Indeed, you are the Relenting, the Merciful."
ref:(Haakim 1900, Ahmad 21666, Tabarani in al-kabeer, as narrated by Zayd Ibn Thabit.)
