1: Sayyidul-Istighfar (The most excellent words of seeking forgiveness).

Sayyidina Shaddad Ibn Aws reported that Allah's Messenger ﷺ said that the Sayyidul-Istighfar is as follows:

ar: اللَّهُمَّ أَنْتَ رَبِّي، لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ، خَلَقْتَنِي وَأَنَا عَبْدُكَ، وَأَنَا عَلَى عَهْدِكَ وَوَعْدِكَ مَا اسْتَطَعْتُ، أَعُوذُ بِكَ مِنْ شَرِّ مَا صَنَعْتُ، أَبُوءُ لَكَ بِنِعْمَتِكَ عَلَيَّ، وَأَبُوءُ لَكَ بِذَنْبِي فَاغْفِرْ لِي فَإِنَّهُ لَا يَغْفِرُ الذُّنُوبَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ

"O Allah, you are my Lord. There is no God other than you. You have created me and I am your slave and I hold to your covenant and promise as much as I can. I seek refuge in you from the evil of that which I have done. I acknowledge your favour to me and I acknowledge my sin. Forgive me, for none but you forgive sins."

ref:(Bukhari 6306, Nasai 5524, Tirmidhi 3393, as narrated by Shaddad Ibn Aws)
---
2:
ar: لَا إِلهَ إلّا اللهُ واللهُ أكْبَرُ لَا إِلهَ إِلّا اللهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا إِلهَ إلّا اللهُ وَلَا شَرِيْكَ لَه لَا إِلهَ إِلّا اللهُ لَه الْمُلْكُ وَلَهُ الْحَمْدُ لَا إِلَهَ إِلّا اللهُ وَلَا حَوْلَ وَلَا قُوَّةَ إِلّا بِاللهِ

If anyone recites this expression any day or night or month and dies that day, night or month then his sins will be forgiven.
ref:(Nasa'i Sunan Al Kubra 3481, as narrated by Abu Hurayrah.)
---
3: One day the Prophet ﷺ called Sayyidina Salman Farsi and said to him, "Allah's Prophet wishes to teach you the words that have come down to him from Allah. You may recite them with interest and zeal (and attention) and make supplication by them during day and night."

ar: اللَّهُمَّ إِنِّي أَسْأَلُكَ صِحَّةً فِي إِيمَانٍ ، وَإِيْمَانًا فِيْ حُسْنِ خُلُقٍ ، وَنَجَاحًا يَتْبَعُه فَلَاحٌ ، وَعَافِيةً وَمَغْفِرَةً مِنْكَ وَرِضْوَانًا

"O Allah, I ask you for perfect health accompanied by faith and faith accompanied by good manners and salvation followed by success and mercy from you and safety and forgiveness from you and your pleasure."
ref:(Tabarani in Awsat 9333, Musnad Ahmed 8272, Daeef ul Jame 1195, narrated by Abu Hurayrah.)
