1:
ar: اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ رَدَّ إِلَيَّ نَفْسِيْ وَلَمْ يُمِتْهَا فِيْ مَنَامِهَا ، اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ يُمْسِكُ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالْأَرْضَ أَنْ تَزُوْلَا وَلَئِنْ زَالَتَا إِنْ أَمْسَكَهُمَا مِنْ أَحَدٍ مِّنْ بَعْدِهِ إِنَّهُ كَانَ حَلِيمًا غَفُورًا اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ يُمْسِكُ السَّمَاء أَنْ تَقَعَ عَلَى الأَرْضِ إِلاَّ بِإِذْنِهِ اِنَّ اللّٰهَ بِا النَّاسِ لَرَؤفُ الرَّحِيِم

"All praise belongs to Allah who returned my soul to me and did not cause it to die in its sleep. All praise belongs to Allah who has prevented the heavens and the earth from moving away from their orbits. And if (He had willed and) they moved away after His will then none could stop them. Indeed, He is clement, Forgiving. All praise belongs to Allah who withholds the heaven lest it should fall upon the earth except by His leave. Indeed, Allah is unto mankind, Gracious, Merciful."

ref: (Al Albani 194, Nasa‘i, Ibn Hibban 5533, Haakim 2011, Abu ya'la, as narrated by Jabir. The last portion is verses of Surah al-Hajj)
---
2:
ar: اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ يُحْيِيْ الْمَوْتٰى، وَهُوَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيْرٌ
"All praise belongs to Allah who revives the dead and He is All powerful."
ref: (Haakim 2011, as narrated by Jabir)
---
3:
ar: الْحَمْدُ لِلَّهِ الَّذِي أَحْيَانَا بَعْدَ مَا أَمَاتَنَا وَإِلَيْهِ النُّشُورُ

"All praise belongs to Allah who gave us life after death and to
Him will we return."
ref: (Bukhari 7394, Abu Dawood 5049, Ibn Majah 3880 as narrated by Huzaifa R.A)
---
4:

ar: ‏ لاَ إِلَهَ إِلاَّ أَنْتَ سُبْحَانَكَ اللَّهُمَّ أَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِذَنْبِي وَأَسْأَلُكَ رَحْمَتَكَ اللَّهُمَّ زِدْنِي عِلْمًا وَلاَ تُزِغْ قَلْبِي بَعْدَ إِذْ هَدَيْتَنِي وَهَبْ لِي مِنْ لَدُنْكَ رَحْمَةً إِنَّكَ أَنْتَ الْوَهَّابُ

"There is no god but thou, glory be to Thee, O Allah, I ask Thy pardon for my sin and I ask Thee for Thy mercy. O Allah! advance me in knowledge: do not cause my heart to deviate (from guidance) after Thou hast guided me, and grant me mercy from thyself; verily thou art the grantor."
ref: (Abu Dawood 5061, Ibn Hibban 5531, Haakim 1981, narrated by Ayshah R.A)
---
5:

ar: لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا اللّٰهُ الْوَاحِدُ الْقَهَّارُ، رَبُّ السَّمَوَاتِ وَالْأَرْضِ وَمَا بَيْنَهُمَا الْعَزِيْزُ الغَفَّارُ

"There is no God but Allah, who is the one, the Dominant. Lord of the heavens and the earth and what is between them, the Mighty, the forgiving."
ref: (Ibn Hibban 5530, Hakim 1980, as narrated by Ayshah R.A)
---
6: Whoever gets up at night and says:

ar: لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا اللَّهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيكَ لَهُ لَهُ الْمُلْكُ وَلَهُ الْحَمْدُ وَهُوَ عَلَى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيرٌ، الْحَمْدُ لِلَّهِ وَسُبْحَانَ اللَّهِ وَلَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا اللَّهُ وَاللَّهُ أَكْبَرُ وَلَا حَوْلَ وَلَا قُوَّةَ إِلَّا بِاللَّهِ

(None has the right to be worshipped but Allah. He is the Only One and has no partners . For Him is the Kingdom and all the praises are due for Him. He is Omnipotent. All the praises are for Allah. All the glories are for Allah. And none has the right to be worshipped but Allah, And Allah is Great And there is neither Might nor Power Except with Allah).

And then says:

ar: اللَّهُمَّ اغْفِرْ لِي
(O Allah! Forgive me)

Or invokes (Allah), he will be responded to and if he performs ablution (and prays), his prayer will be accepted
ref: (Bukhari 1154, Tirmidhi 3414, Abu Dawud 5060, Ibn Majah 3878)
---
7: When a man happens to wake up in the night and while shifting on his bed he says بِسْمِ اللّهِ ten times, سُبْحَانَ اللهِ ten times and آمَنْتُ بِالله وَكَفَرتُ بِالطَّاغُوت ten times, he will be safe from all that he fears and he will not be destroyed by any sin till next night.

ref: (Albani 353, narrated by Ibn Umar R.A)
---
8: When one gets out of one's bed in the night and then goes back to it again, he must dust it with the hem of his garment three times, for, he does not know what has passed over it in his absence. On lying down, he must say:

ar:  بِاسْمِكَ اللَّهُمَّ وَضَعْتُ جَنْبِيْ ، وَبِكَ أرْفَعُهٗ ، إِنْ أَمْسَكْتَ نَفْسِيْ فَارْحَمْهَا، وَإنْ رَدَدْتَّهَا فَاحْفَظْهَا بِمَا تَحْفَظُ بِهٖ اَحَدًا مِّنْ عِبَادِكَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ

ref: (Tirmidhi 3401, Ibn Sunni 765, Al Nawawi 131, narrated by Abu Hurayrah R.A)
