(The greatest name of Allah is mentioned in a number of Ahadith and many Ahadith explain what it is.) The Prophet  said about it, "If one supplicates Allah by means of it, He answers the prayer. And, if a request is made through it, Allah honours the request." (The compiler has mentioned a few Ahadith which speak about the ism a'zam, the greatest name.)
---
ar: اَنۡ لَّاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنۡتَ سُبۡحٰنَكَ ​ۖ  اِنِّىۡ كُنۡتُ مِنَ الظّٰلِمِيۡنَ​ ۖ ​ۚ‏
1: "There is no God but you. You are without blemish. I am indeed a
wrongdoer."
(These are the very words by virtue of which Sayyidina Yunus obtained release from darkness.)
The Mustadrak carries a report of Sayyidina Sa'd Ibn Abu Waqqas that the Prophet said, "A Muslim who supplicates Allah using these words will not fail to receive an answer."

The Prophet also said, "Shall I not disclose to you the greatest name of Allah when supplicated by which He answers and asked by which He gives. It is the supplication by which called Allah from three darknesses"

---
ar:  اَللّٰھُمَّ اِنِّیْ اَسْئَلُکَ بِاَنِّی اُشْھِدُکَ اَنَّکَ لَا اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ الْاَحَدُ الصَّمَدُ الَّذِی لَمْ يَلِدْ وَلَمْ يُولَدْ وَلَمْ يَکُنْ لَکَ کُفُوًا اَحَدٌ

2: "O Allah! I beseech you by virtue of my testimony that you, indeed you, are Allah. There is no God but you, the one, the Independent, who begets not nor was He begotten, and there is none equal with Him."

The compiler has cited this report containing the Greatest Name on the authority of the first four books, Ibn Hibban, Mustadrak Haakim as
narrated by Sayyidina Buraydah. He reported that the Prophet heard someone speaking these words and remarked, "By Him in whose Hand is my life, he has supplicated Allah by virtue of His Greatest Name by which Allah accepts a supplication and gives a request. Hafiz Ibn Hajar writes in Fath al-Bari that the report of Sayyidina Buraydah is the most weighty of the reports containing the greatest name and carried by Abu Dawood, Tirmidhi, Ibn Ma'jah, Ibn Hibban and Haakim. In some versions of this Hadith the words (I bear witness and there is no God but you) are not found.
---
ar:  اللَّهُمَّ إِنِّي أَسْأَلُکَ بِأَنَّ لَکَ الْحَمْدُ لَا إِلَهَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ الْمَنَّانُ بَدِيعُ السَّمَوَاتِ وَالْأَرْضِ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَالْإِکْرَامِ يَا حَيُّ يَا قَيُّومُ
3: "O Allah! I ask you by virtue of the fact that praise is due to you. There is no God beside you. You are one. You have no partner, the Beneficent, the Favouring, the originator of heavens and earth. O owner of Greatness and splendour. O the living and the Eternal."

The compiler has cited this on the authority of the four books, Ibn Hibban, Mustadrak Haakim, Musnad Ahmad, Musannat Ibn Abu Shaybah. Some versions do not have the words يَا حَيُّ يَا قَيُّومُ (o the living, o the Eternal!)
---
4: The greatest name of Allah is in these two verses:
ar: وَاِلٰهُكُمۡ اِلٰهٌ وَّاحِدٌ  ۚ لَآ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ الرَّحۡمٰنُ الرَّحِيۡمُ‏ ﻿﻿
[2:163] And your God is one God, there is no God but He, the compassionate, the Merciful.
ar: الٓمّٓ ۚۙ‏ ١ اللّٰهُ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَۙ الۡحَىُّ الۡقَيُّوۡمُؕ‏
[3:1-2] Alif Laam Meem. Allah! There is no God but He, the Ever-Living, the self-subsisting.

The compiler has cited these verses as containing Allah's greatest name on the authority of Abu Dawood, Tirmidhi, Ibn Ma'jah and Musannaf Ibn Abu Shaybah, as narrated by Sayyidah Asma bint Yazeed The Prophet said that Allah's greatest name is in these two verses.
---
5: According to a Hadith, Allah's greatest name is in three Surah:
a: al-Baqarah
b: Aal Imran
c: Taha

Qasim Ibn Abdur Rahman (the narrator of this Hadith) said, "I tried to search for the greatest name as per this Hadith and found الۡحَىُّ الۡقَيُّوۡمُؕ
in these surah.

The compiler of the Hisn Haseen said, "I think the greatest name is Al-Baqarah:255 (Ayat-ul-Kursi)".

So that both Hadith are reconciled. This is also stated by Wahidi in Kitab ad-Du'a on the authority of Yunus Ibn Abdul A'la. Qasim Ibn Abdur Rahman was a resident of Syria. He was a Tabi'ee, a student of Sayyidina Abu Umamah(R.A) and an honest narrator.
